Copyright (c) 2023 Online Technologies. All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted to any person obtaining a copy of these
software scripts and associated documentation files (the "Sample
Scripts"), to deal in the Sample Scripts, including the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or
sell copies of the Sample Scripts, and to permit persons to whom the
Sample Scripts are furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The Sample Scripts are for execution exclusively within Online
Technologies' LedgerScript runtime environment ("LedgerScript"), in
accordance with LedgerScript's End User License Agreement (EULA)
found at https://ledgerscript.com/eula and any applicable license
costs.

Dealing in the Sample Scripts does not grant any rights or licenses
to use or distribute LedgerScript. For more information about
LedgerScript or to obtain a license for LedgerScript, please visit
www.ledgerscript.com.

Modification of the Sample Scripts is allowed solely for the purpose
of use within LedgerScript and upon maintaining and complying with
all of the terms and conditions of your valid license to
LedgerScript. Under no circumstances may the Sample Scripts, whether
in their original or modified form, be adapted for execution within
a different runtime environment.

The Sample Scripts are expressly provided for operational use within
LedgerScript. They may be used for understanding the capabilities
and functionality of LedgerScript, but strictly within the context
of their intended operational use. Any other form of review, study,
or interpretation of the Sample Scripts, particularly with the
intent of developing an application that is directly competitive to
LedgerScript or to any other Online Technologies products, is
strictly prohibited.

The Sample Scripts may contain or be accompanied by third-party
components ("Third-Party Components") which may be subject to other
licenses ("Third-Party Licenses"), typically outlined in the
"NOTICES" file accompanying the Sample Scripts. Agreement to terms
of all applicable Third-Party Licenses is required. In the event of
a conflict, the Third-Party License shall take precedence, but
solely with respect to the Third-Party Component it corresponds to.

The inclusion of any Third-Party Component into the Sample Scripts
that requires alteration of your obligations and rights to use the
Sample Scripts is strictly prohibited. The same applies to
derivative works of the Sample Scripts, in which any Third-Party
Component that necessitates license alteration concerning the
original Sample Scripts is not allowed.

You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the authors and
copyright holders from any claims, costs, damages, and liabilities,
including attorney's fees, arising or resulting from your use,
misuse, modification, distribution, or sublicensing of the Sample
Scripts.

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Sample
Scripts.

THE SAMPLE SCRIPTS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS
BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SAMPLE SCRIPTS OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SAMPLE SCRIPTS.
